TEAMWORK.md, before:

## Division of Labour
_Each of our group members will work on the specific tasks in the corresponding branches and merge them into the main branch once finished._

  **@Weiya818** (Weiya Zhu) Tasks: 
   - Create Group11 repository and send invitations to other group members
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Fixed errors in the troubleshooting-1.Rmd file
   - Work on 2 markdown features __(HEADERS, LISTS)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Daniel's pull request and write the comments
    
  **@zhmmubc20** (Mingming Zhang) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown feature __(Emphasis)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Weiya's pull request and write comments
  
  **@danahalay** (Dana Halay) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown features __(Links)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Ming's pull request and write comments

  **@danierob** (Daniel Robinson) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown features 
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Dana's pull request and write comments

## Timing
In order to prevent last-minute submission, we have set the deadline for submitting the pull request to be at least one day before the real deadline. This can make sure that other team members have sufficient time to provide feedback on the work. 

## Communication
Slack will be our primary platform for real-time communication. In terms of  Milestone 1, we will mainly rely on asynchronous communication through Slack but we may consider scheduling meetings for future Milestones if necessary. Meanwhile, we plan to use the GitHub issue to handle bugs and tasks.

Commit message:

Update TEAMWORK.md: Added submitting this milestone and markdown feature (image) to Daniel's labor

TEAMWORK.md, after:

## Division of Labour
_Each of our group members will work on the specific tasks in the corresponding branches and merge them into the main branch once finished._

  **@Weiya818** (Weiya Zhu) Tasks: 
   - Create Group11 repository and send invitations to other group members
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Fixed errors in the troubleshooting-1.Rmd file
   - Work on 2 markdown features __(HEADERS, LISTS)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Daniel's pull request and write the comments
    
  **@zhmmubc20** (Mingming Zhang) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown feature __(Emphasis)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Weiya's pull request and write comments
  
  **@danahalay** (Dana Halay) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown features __(Links)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Ming's pull request and write comments

  **@danierob** (Daniel Robinson) Tasks:
   - Github issue self-introduction and replies
   - Work on TEAMWORK.md
   - Work on README file
   - Work on 1 markdown features __(Image)__
   - Generate pull requests
   - Review Dana's pull request and write comments
   - Submitting this milestone: tag release and add link on Canvas

## Timing
In order to prevent last-minute submission, we have set the deadline for submitting the pull request to be at least one day before the real deadline. This can make sure that other team members have sufficient time to provide feedback on the work. 

## Communication
Slack will be our primary platform for real-time communication. In terms of  Milestone 1, we will mainly rely on asynchronous communication through Slack but we may consider scheduling meetings for future Milestones if necessary. Meanwhile, we plan to use the GitHub issue to handle bugs and tasks.
